Java: Java is a class based object oriented programming high level programming language which makes java very easy to write, compile, and debug 
      code. Java programming language was developed by James Gosling in the year 1995  in Sun Microsystems and later acquired by Oracle Corporation
      from Sun Microsystems, Inc. Java programming language is used for developing mobile application, web based application, enterprise level
      application, used in Big Data processing and Embedded systems.

Important Features of Java: Java programming language has many features, and the important ones are listed below:
                            a) Java is an object-oriented Programming Language(OOP) 
                            b) Java is a platform independent programming language (Write once, run anywhere)
                            c) It is robust and secure programming language.
                            d) Java has a large and extensive standard library

a)Object Oriented Programming Language(OOP): Java programming language is fundamentally object-oriented, supporting principles like 
                                             encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism. This approach encourages modular and maintainable
                                             code, enhancing software design and reusability.

b)Platform independent Language (Write once, run anywhere): Java is a platform-independent programming language which means we can write a java 
  program once, and it will run on any device. But the question is, How?, Let's find out. Java programs are first turned(i.e., compiled) into 
  a special kind of code(intermediate representation ) called "bytecode". This bytecode can then be executed on any device which has Java Virtual
  Machine(JVM), regardless of its operating system or hardware. This clever setup shields developers from worrying about this specific details
  of the underlying hardware and operating system, making a Java truly "a platform independent programming language" and truly embodying the 
  principle of "write once, run anywhere".

c)Robust and Secure: Java is a robust and secure programming language because it automatically manages memory through garbage collection, which 
  prevents the memory leackage. Its strong exception handling mechanism ensures program will handle the errors gracefully. Java's bytecode verification 
  and security managers enhance safety by checking code before execution and setting policies policies for resource access. Additionally, Java'
  built-in security APIs provide tools for encryption, secure communication and authentication, making it a reliable and secure choice for 
  software development.

d)Extensive Standard Library: Java programming language comes with a rich set of standrd libraries that provide a wide range of functionalities
  ,from data structure and algorithm to networking, graphical user interface(GUI) development and more.This extensive library support reduces it's
  need for the third party libraries. 

Why should I learn Java?
- Learning Java is a smart investment, especially if we are interested in software development, development of enterprise system, or Android app.
  Following are the some key points which will let's you know the reason behind learning java as programming language :-
  1) Java is in high demand across enterprise and backend systems.
  2) Android application is developed using java. 
  3) Java is platform independent programming(thanks to JVM) which ensures us that we should focus on the development rather than worrying
     about underlying system compatibility or development issues across different operating systems.
  4) Java is an object-oriented programming language is the one of the important reason behind the learning of Java.
  5) It is supported by a massive ecosystm of libraries and frameworks like Spring, SpringBoot and Hibernate which made development much easy as
     compared to other programming languages.
  6) Java is ideal for mobile, enterprise and backend development.
  7) It is a gateway to other JVM languages like Kotlin and Scala.

